first conversations you have are always
about what makes something feel like
Star Wars this is the most massive
production I've ever worked on
they've outdone themselves into analysis
it makes me feel like I'm on another
planet every other day we're gonna do
incredible location where we shed was
the perfect place it's a shoe at canto
bytes we're in this alleyway in
Dubrovnik smashing speeders that's just
one of those oh my gosh whether we doing
this is amazing lemons
the other big new world is crates we
shot in Bolivia on the salt flats it's
got his red mineral covered with salt
flakes that gives it a sort of a white
blank canvas
what would a battle on a planet like
that it look like
[Music]
we also shot on skellig michael off the
coast of ireland
it's very way to beat Brooklyn skilling
shooting eight there we got robbed it's
really nice to put Luke Skywalker in
front of a camera
and turn
Lori Kay Kutta you've never seen
anything like this
there's just this magical feeling that
you
near transported to another world
we are working in pretty high places
dangerous places I think it's worth it
because everything is gorgeous
[Music]